feat(iota)!: add public_base64_key_with_flag to keytool show (#5466)
iotaledger/iota: docs/content/developer/advanced/create-review-rating-dao-with-multisig.mdx

│ │ peerId                  │  <PEER-ID>                                                           │ │
│ ╰─────────────────────────┴──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯ │
│ ╭─────────────────────────┬──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮ │
│ │ iotaAddress             │  <IOTA-ADDRESS>                                                      │ │
│ │ publicBase64Key         │  <PUBLIC-KEY>                                                        │ │
│ │ publicBase64KeyWithFlag │  <PUBLIC-KEY-WITH-FLAG>                                              │ │
│ │ keyScheme               │  secp256r1                                                           │ │
│ │ flag                    │  2                                                                   │ │
│ │ peerId                  │  <PEER-ID>                                                           │ │
│ ╰─────────────────────────┴──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯ │
╰────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╯
```

### 3. Create a Multisig Address

> Create the multisig address by combining the base 64 encoded public keys with flag of all moderators and setting their weights and a threshold:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the multisig address by combining the base 64 encoded public keys (with signature scheme flags) of all moderators and setting their weights and a threshold:
```
